Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[Michele]
My brother was murdered here.
It was Ezequiel.
[heavy scraping]
[knock on window]
[man]
I called you here to give you something.
It's just a little precaution.
If you get caught. take this poison
so you can't rat anyone out.
Use it only as a last resort.
[Ezequiel over speakers]
Candidates. dinner will be served soon.
We'll be waiting for you in the hall.
A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
[theme music playing]
CHAPTER 07
CAPSULE
-[laughing]
-[low chatter]
Hi. Michele. Welcome.
-Hi.
-[Luciana] Make yourself at home.
Today. you can relax. We know
the Process can be quite stressful.
Yeah. But I'm relaxed.
[laughing]
-Doesn't look like it.
-[Luciana] What?
-Don't listen to him.
-[all chuckle]
[Luciana and César chattering]
[indistinct]
[Fernando. voice distant]
Michele?
-You took so long. I need to talk to you.
-Hi. Fernando.
Can we talk later?
But it's very important.
I'm gonna grab a drink. We'll talk later.
-But. Michele. I need to talk to you now.
-I can't now.
-Good evening. Ezequiel.
-[Ezequiel] Good evening.
Would you like some?
To us.
[man] I admire you.
I'm happy to have made it through.
[Ezequiel] Congratulations. Enjoy.
[man] Thank you.
Hello.
Congratulations on another year. Mathias.
[low chatter]
Congratulations on the Process.
I didn't do much.
You should thank the other agents.
Come on...
You...
You deserve it.
[Jairo] We create many varieties there
not available in the Inland.
[Joana]
The food is good. isn't it?
[Rafael] But the question everyone's
asking is: "What about dinner?
Is it gonna happen tonight?
Are you sure?"
[chuckles]
Hello. how are you?
-You really are an idiot.
-What?
Changing the subject...
what is sex like on the Offshore?
What do you mean? Sex is sex.
I know. but do you get married.
stay with just one person.
or is it more liberal?
[Jairo chuckles]
You'll find out soon enough. Joana.
Can't you give us a hint?
So I know what to expect.
[Rafael] Well. I think I'm gonna go now.
[Jairo] No. stay right there.
Hey. Michele. what do you think?
-About what?
-Michele...
[all chuckling]
[Rafael] She's not listening.
-[loud clinking]
-[woman] Attention!
[Ezequiel] Good evening.
I'd like to ask my dear candidates
to come a little closer.
The dinner we are about to serve
is a celebration feast.
[crowd cheers]
Now. you can consider yourselves
actual people.
The chosen three percent!
[loud cheering]
[woman] Congrats!
[man] Fuck. yeah!
This year. like all others. wasn't easy.
But I'll remember it forever.
Tomorrow. you will go through
the Purification ritual...
and then you can head to the Offshore.
Well. I'm sure you can't wait for me
to stop talking.
-so I'll stop talking.
-[laughter]
So. let us toast
and celebrate the three percent!
[cheering]
-[glass shatters]
-[Luciana] César? What's happening?
César! César!
-Don't touch him!
-What's going on? What is it?
[distant chatter]
[Ezequiel] Quickly!
[Luciana]
For God's sake. what's happening?
[Jairo]
Stay here until further notice.
César may have felt sick.
but Dr. Gisele will take good care of him.
[paddles charge. surging]
Did he have any health problems?
No. His exams were good.
He was in excellent health.
Is this a normal occurrence?
Of course not. "Normal"?
[heart monitor beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
[EKG flatlining]
[gasping breaths]
-[low chatter]
-[Rafael] Michele. stop right there.
I saw what you did.
You spilled booze all over the table.
This liquor is a rarity.
What a waste.
I saw everything.
But relax.
These bottles are really hard to open.
I tried to pour a drink
and made a mess. too.
Guys. this booze is strong.
Rafael's already drunk.
[Rafael] Maybe I am.
But it's at times like these
that I remember my training.
I trained with an uncle who drank so much.
He drank and drank and drank.
But...
he never fell down.
That's the important thing. Michele.
To never fall down.
Huh?
-Another glass. and you'll keel over.
-Check it out.
-Huh? Huh?
-[all chuckling]
-Take it easy.
-Before I forget...
What are you gonna do? It's over. anyway.
-Fernando knows about us.
-[Joana] Mm...
What?
Don't worry. Process romances don't last
on the Offshore. Everybody knows.
-Right.
-You've said so.
Not true. Daniel.
He... knows about our bond.
I had to tell him.
So. you should talk to him. Poor guy.
I don't want him to be against us.
Against you.
Cheers.
This wasn't a stroke.
I ran a blood test...
and it tested positive for batrachotoxin.
-What?
-What? What do you mean?
Why would anyone want to poison César?
What if he wasn't the target?
The hall doesn't have as many cameras
as I'd like.
-What? That's absurd.
-It doesn't!
Ezequiel. I checked. and the substance
is the same one the Cause uses.
-Are you sure?
-We don't have it on the Offshore.
-Someone from the Cause is here?
-Is the prisoner from the Cause conscious?
Yes.
-See if he says anything.
-Okay.
-Shit!
-How did this poison get here?
How are you still holding someone
from the Cause?
Aline. César is dead.
I need to work. I need to be alone.
-Okay?
-Okay.
Go ahead and work.
but work really hard to fix this shit.
because if this ruins your reputation.
your recommendation
will count for nothing.
-Get to it.
-Go.
[whispers] Shit.
-I'm impressed this thing lasted so long.
-Yeah.
My dad had to fix it almost every day.
We have much better options
on the Offshore.
And depending on the treatment.
you might not even need it.
Bernardo. I need to...
-May I?
-Sure. Go for it.
There are many other candidates...
I want to talk to.
-How about now?
-What do you mean?
Can we talk?
Is everything okay?
-Rafael--
-I know. I know.
He told me this afternoon.
You are both with--
Shh! Fernando. shut up.
[softly] Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
You don't know what you're getting into.
I've thought about it all day.
I don't care anymore.
[sighs]
I don't care about anything anymore.
I don't care about the Process.
about the Offshore.
I don't have a home.
I have nothing left. Michele.
-Fernando. you don't know me--
-You're all I have.
It sounds ridiculous. I know.
I'm not...
I'm not asking for anything in return.
You don't have to say anything.
Just listen.
You have no idea what's going on.
You don't know.
[alarm wailing]
[woman over speakers]
Attention. candidates:
You must remain inside the hall
until further notice.
Remain inside the hall.
-Attention. candidates...
-Do you know what's going on?
[continues over earpiece]
...inside the hall until further notice.
What's going on?
We've been getting alerts--
Yes. the situation is very serious.
Does he... have any chance?
Unfortunately. no.
-Who's responsible for this?
-Most likely some bastard from the Cause.
but don't worry.
I know how to handle this.
But I'm going to need your help.
I'll check in with you later. okay?
[whispers] Come with me.
Hold my hand.
Get rid of this for me.
Why me?
They're watching. I'd fuck it all up.
[door opens]
[man] Every candidate will be questioned.
When you hear your name.
head to that ramp.
What's going on?
Candidate Daniel. you're first.
[Matheus] Unbelievable.
The Process is crumbling before our eyes.
Ezequiel's position
is becoming unsustainable.
Yes. but he will be able to handle this.
-Aline. are you okay?
-I'm fine.
This is a huge opportunity for us.
I know.
It's just that seeing César's body--
But that's exactly why
we need to take Ezequiel out.
If I was still the Process leader.
this would have never happened.
I know. I know.
I'll start working on the report.
Thank you. Matheus.
[sighs]
[Joana] Mm. All the candidates
locked in one place?
This reminds me of something.
-I don't think so.
-Why not?
Even the agents seemed worried.
They're good at pretending. Trust me.
[man over speakers]
Attention:
Candidate Victor is next.
Go to the bottom of the ramp
for questioning.
[Joana] How did it go?
Just some weird questions.
About?
Poison.
The guy who got sick was poisoned?
I don't think so.
They just wanna see how
we're going to react.
How we react to an agent's murder? Why?
To see what theories we come up with.
[Daniel] What does that prove?
-Who has the best imagination?
-What's your explanation?
-An infiltrator from the Cause.
-[Joana scoffs]
-This is the safest place there is.
-[Rafael] Well...
I don't know what happened. but...
they could at least give us dinner.
[Joana] Good one. Rafael.
Go ask. I'll wait here.
[Rafael chuckles]
-Uh...
-Go ahead.
[Fernando]
Is this what you were talking about?
-Is it--?
-You don't need to know.
You wouldn't understand.
It's better this way.
Did you interact with Agent César?
Not much.
So. you didn't know what he thought
about your performance?
That it was a little below the curve?
The guy really died?
Yes. Joana. He died.
So. this guy who died
didn't appreciate my style?
-That's right.
-Really?
And you couldn't save him?
With all the technology of the Offshore?
[Rafael] My philosophy is simple:
I'll do anything to pass and nothing
that will prevent me from passing.
I don't know who did this.
but whoever it is...
is the stupidest person I know.
[man over speakers]
Next candidate: Fernando.
What do you know about the death
of Agent César?
His murder.
I don't know anything. I mean...
I saw him fall. then Daniel walked up
and said something...
How did this happen?
What do you know about poison?
Poison?
Nothing.
What do you mean "nothing"?
-There was no rat poison where you lived?
-No. sir.
Did you notice anything odd
with any agents or candidates?
No.
Did you notice any agent
or candidate behaving differently?
More nervous than usual?
-You took too long to answer.
-No.
I was trying to remember
if I saw anyone. but I didn't.
Fernando... now is the time to be honest.
-I understand--
-Better to say too much than too little.
Do you know any candidates who seem
uncertain about the Process?
If you omit anything now.
you may be considered
an accomplice in the future.
[man over speakers]
Next is candidate Michele.
[Ezequiel] Hi. Michele.
Are you comfortable?
Just a little nervous.
Want some water?
Is there anything you want to tell me?
-Anything at all?
-No.
What time did you leave your room?
-About 7--
-At 7:19.
I saw the security camera footage.
Did you go straight to the dining hall?
Yes.
Try some.
It tastes different.
I like it bitter.
What do you think?
-The drink?
-No. the Process.
I'm happy.
I passed.
There's still the Purification ritual.
Sure.
You always knew you'd get far.
right. Michele?
I've always had faith.
I was surprised at the way
you approached me tonight.
The other candidates didn't talk to you?
A few. But you are no ordinary candidate.
No?
Not after that tragedy
with one of the Cause members.
Excuse me.
-What's this?
-It's...
I was mugged a month ago.
They took all I had.
And I got stabbed.
You know Inland medicine. it's very basic.
I had to stitch it up myself.
And it bleeds sometimes--
Do you know how César was murdered?
-No. Daniel said--
-He was poisoned.
As you can imagine. we're wondering how
a foreign substance got into the Process.
At times like these.
we can't let anything slip through.
I want to show you something.
[Luciana] Where's César?
Where? Let me talk to him! César!
[sobbing] César. no!
[sobs continue]
Why?!
I want to know why.
Why did you show me that?
So you can understand
that César was one of us.
A deserving and complete human being.
A man who was loved.
Who is now dead.
I'm going to ask you for the last time...
Are you hiding something from me?
Do you have anything to say?
No.
I don't know what you want me to say.
what you want me to tell you.
-but I have nothing to do--
-You can go.
What?
I need to continue with the questionings.
Go on.
[gasps. whispers] Shit.
Shit.
Shit...
[whispers] I screwed up.
Easy. easy.
-I screwed up.
-Easy.
You were already interrogated
and they let you go. It's okay.
No. it's not. It's not okay.
-Calm down.
-[panting]
-Breathe.
-It wasn't supposed to happen. Fernando.
-Michele.
-Look at me. I'm guilty.
He died.
-They should arrest me.
-No. no.
Look at me. Look at me. That's it...
-Let me go!
-Take a deep breath.
You don't know me.
-[Fernando] Breathe...
-[gasping breaths]
Relax your muscles.
One at a time.
That's it. I had to learn that
because of the pain I get.
Look at me. Michele.
You can't turn yourself in.
If you go. I'll go. too.
I lied for you in there.
We're in this together now.
You should have stayed away from me.
[Fernando] Where are you going?
[Matheus] It's unacceptable.
A murder in your Process.
under your watch.
This homicide was perpetrated
by the Cause.
Unfortunately. it's not that uncommon.
This investigation has to be quick.
We cannot let this get out of hand.
That's why I called this meeting.
The investigation has been closed.
-Have you found the culprit?
-We found her.
She's being arrested as we speak.
-Aline?
-What's going on?
You're under arrest for the murder
of César Franco. Process agent.
Are you crazy? Let me go!
Let me go! Cássia.
Candidates. you may return to your rooms.
Everything's been resolved.
You can sleep in peace.
The culprit was found
and we've already taken action.
Michele. it's over.
-Everything will be okay.
-But the culprit--
It doesn't matter. It's over.
We're gonna be together.
-Is this a joke?
-Don't try anything stupid.
Cássia. Let me go!
Cássia.
You know he's making a huge mistake.
Cássia!
[Ezequiel]
Our investigation has led to Aline.
[Matheus] Aline is not a murderer.
There's no way.
You know that very well. Ezequiel.
I know this must be difficult
for you. Matheus.
After all. she's here on your orders.
-Ezequiel...
-Not that I blame you for César's death.
but it must be quite a weight
on your conscience.
[Matheus] Enough!
Do you have any proof?
Why would Aline want to kill César?
Aline didn't want to kill César.
Aline wanted to kill me.
It was probably at this moment
that she tried to poison me.
This is a farce.
The autopsy revealed the poison used
to kill César
-is a substance used only by the Cause.
-Exactly.
Someone from the Cause
infiltrated your Process.
Actually. someone from the Cause
infiltrated your Process. years ago.
Aline is a member of the Cause.
embedded in our society for years.
That's a lie!
I was her target because
I'm the Process Leader
who ruthlessly hunts down
revolutionary criminals.
-That's a lie.
-I'm still waiting for proof.
We recently captured
a high-ranking member of the Cause.
You can decide for yourselves.
[Cássia] Is that her?
It's her.
Aline.
She's one of our bravest revolutionaries.
I met her when she was only a teenager.
Our leadership trusted her blindly.
She infiltrated the Process...
more than ten years ago.
[Cássia] What was her goal?
[man] She had to lay low.
Little by little.
she would gain people's trust...
move up the hierarchy.
until she had the opportunity
to help the Cause from the inside.
Those were her instructions.
Councilors. I'm not a judge.
You can draw your own conclusions.
I want to hear what Aline has to say.
As you please.
Aline?
We can hear you now.
Do you have anything to say?
I do. What I have to say is this:
This whole story was invented by Ezequiel.
He's afraid because I have proof
of a crime he committed.
I'm sending you a file that contains proof
of the illegal activities
conducted by the Process Leader.
I confess I was waiting for
a better moment to send this material.
But this should be enough
not only to charge him.
but also to send him
to the Recovery Center.
PROCESSING - 100%
Aline. this is the report
you sent me yesterday.
-[Nair] We already read it.
-No.
It's only compliments for Ezequiel.
[Aline] No. Absolutely not.
What I sent you was proof
that he meets a boy in the Inland.
That's what I sent you.
He takes care of a boy in the Inland.
This man is perpetuating a lie.
-I didn't kill anyone--
-[Nair] Aline.
You will be sent to the Offshore.
You will be detained
until you have a fair trial...
and the whole truth has been revealed.
Matheus.
I'm at the Council's full disposal.
I didn't kill anyone...
[whispers] Thank you.
[man]
You're going to keep your promise. right?
Eh? Talk to me!
Aren't you?
I did what you asked.
Come back.
Finish this!
Cássia!
Kill me!
[softly] Kill me.
I'm tired.
[Ezequiel]
Hello. Michele.
[instrumental theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by João Neto
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm